Close Macro?
Closing Macro
Couldn't find the 32-bit version of Autohotkey in:
Error
Your display scale is not 100%!
This means the Macro will not be able to detect images in-game correctly, resulting in failure!
To fix this, follow these steps:
    - Open Settings (Win+I)
    - Navigate to System >> Display
    - Then set the scale to 100% (even if it isn't recommended for your device)
    - Sign out if prompted to
    - Restart the macro and Roblox
Warning
Could not create the " folder " directory!
This means the Macro will not be able to use the functions of the files usually in this folder!
Try moving the Macro to a different folder (e.g. Downloads or Documents).
Failed to Create folder
Skibi Defense Macro
Skibi Cursed Macro
Skibi Jolly Macro
Start:
Pause:
Stop:
Clicker:
Close:
GUI Settings
Hotkey Settings
General Settings
Reconnect Settings
GUI Theme:
Always On Top
GUI Transparency:
Advanced Customisation
Change Hotkeys
AutoClicker Settings
Restore Defaults
Input Delay (ms):
Reset Settings
Test
Private Server Link:
Reconnect Method:
Language:
Hotkeys
That hotkey cannot be used!
The key is already used elsewhere in the macro.
Unacceptable Hotkey!
It will be needed to place your units.
The key is already used as a different hotkey.
Are you sure you would like to reset your settings to the defaults?
Any configurations you've made will be wiped and replaced with their default values.
Confirm Reset
Successfully rejoined via Deeplink!
Reconnect Test Complete
Successfully rejoined via Browser!
It is recommended you switch to Deeplink if possible.
Unresolved Private Server Link
You entered a "share?code" link! To fix this, follow these steps:
    1. Paste the link into your browser
    2. Wait for Skibi Defense to load
    3. Copy the link at the top of your browser.
Invalid Private Server Link
Make sure your link is:
    - Copied correctly and completely
    - For Skibi Defense by Archkos Studios
Advanced Customisation
Setting reconnect method to "Browser" is not recommended!
Even if you have problems while using the "Deeplink" method, fixing it is a much better option than using the "Browser" method. Read the [?] for more information.
Are you sure you want to change this?
Reconnect Method Warning
This option lets you choose between the 'Deeplink' and 'Browser' reconnect methods.
'Deeplink' is the recommended method; it's faster (since it skips opening your browser and waiting for it to load completely) and works with the Roblox UWP (Microsoft Store) app.
It can also join SD directly without the need for a redirecting game like SD Rejoin. You can search 'Roblox Developer Deeplinking' online for more information.
'Browser' should only be used when 'Deeplink' absolutely fails and is unfixable.
This is the old/legacy method of reconnecting; it can have inconsistencies between browsers (e.g. failure to close tabs, Roblox not logged in) and you will not be able to join a public server directly (because 'Deeplink' is forced when joining public servers).
Reconnect Methods
Change Hotkeys
Loading:
To save, close!
If you wish to use this Hotkey, please remove it from the other one.
Settings
Repeat
times
Click Interval (ms):
Click Duration (ms):
Click Button:
Are you sure you would like to reset your Hotkey configurations?
It will also reset your AutoClicker confirgurations.
[ALPHA]
Art:
    -   @ender4byss on Discord - Icon Art
Translations:
    -   @ekmekdover12 on Discord - Current Turkish Translation
    -   @taneoron on Discord - Previous Spanish Translation
    -   @the.hex.guy on Discord - Previous Portuguese Translation